“The eyes are the groin of the face.” - Dwight Schrute
“Get a friend, loser.” - Dwight Schrute
“I've never been a kiss up. It's just not how I operate. I mean I've always subscribed to the idea that if you really want to impress your boss, you go in there and you do mediocre work, half-heartedly.” - Jim Halpert
“I am about to do something very bold in this job that I've never done before... try.” - Jim Halpert
“I miss Dwight. Congratulations, universe. You win.” - Jim Halpert
“Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don't know if you guys know about it, but, basically, you make someone think the opposite of what you believe. And that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm.” - Michael Scott
“In the end, the greatest snowball isn't a snowball at all. It's fear. Merry Christmas.” - Dwight Schrute
“Michael always says, 'K-I-S-S, keep it simple, stupid.' Great advice, hurts my feelings every time.” - Dwight Schrute
“You're a perfectly fine toilet... I'm just an extraordinary piece of crap.” - Dwight Schrute
“I'm gonna intimidate him, ok? Watch this....So anyways, she said that is the biggest penis I have ever scene and I said I know! That's why I brought you to the penis museum, where tickets are a thousand dollars.” - Dwight Schrute
“Michael is like Mozart, and I’m like Butch Cassidy. You mess with Mozart and you’re gonna get bullet in your head, courtesy of Butch Cassidy.” - Dwight Schrute
“A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present.” - Dwight Schrute
“Powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world; all show, no meat.” - Dwight Schrute
“I overslept. Damn rooster didn't crow.” - Dwight Schrute
“Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.” - Dwight Schrute
“You better learn your rules. If you don't, you'll be eaten in your sleep.” - Dwight Schrute
“Smoking is gonna save lives.” - Dwight Schrute
“Two weeks ago, I was in the worst relationship of my life. She treated me poorly, we didn't connect, I was miserable. Now, I am in the best relationship of my life, with the same woman. Love is a mystery.” - Michael Scott
“I guess I’ve been working so hard, I forgot what it’s like to be hardly working.” - Michael Scott
“You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?” - Michael Scott
“I had a great summer. I got west nile virus, lost a ton of weight. Then I went back to the lake. And I stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot, which hurt. That got infected. Even though I peed on it...” - Michael Scott
“Ok, too many different words from coming at me from too many different sentences.” - Michael Scott
“Oh, look! A Sbarro. My favorite New York pizza joint. And I'm going to go get me a New York slice!” - Michael Scott
“Hi, I'm Date Mike. Nice to meet me. How do you like your eggs in the morning?” - Michael Scott
“The worst thing about prison was the dementors.” - Michael Scott
“Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square... named for the good times you have when you're in it.” - Michael Scott
“I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.” - Michael Scott
“I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It's every parents' dream.” - Michael Scott
“I’m an early bird and I’m a night owl. So I’m wise and I have worms.” - Michael Scott
“I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do.” - Michael Scott
“Growing up I performed my own circumcision.” - Dwight Schrute
“Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year.” - Dwight Schrute
“I don’t have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once, but by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor’s dog.” - Dwight Schrute
“Who says exactly what they’re thinking? What kind of a game is that?” - Kelly Kapoor
“I mean, I'm not a slut but who knows.” - Kelly Kapoor
“I think sometimes people are really mean to the hot, popular girl.” - Kelly Kapoor
“You guys I'm like really smart now. You don't even know. You could ask me, Kelly what's the biggest company in the world? And I'd be like, 'blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah.' Giving you the exact right answer.” - Kelly Kapoor
“Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault.” - Andy Bernard
“There's a lot of beauty in ordinary things. Isn't that kind of the point?” - Pam Halpert
“This is a documentary? Oh. I always thought we were like specimens in a human zoo.” - Kevin Malone
“I know you saw me with the Senator. I think I'm in love, possibly for the first time. So yes, Senator Lipton and I are having an affair. I hope that I can count on your sensitivity, maturity, and discretion.” - Oscar Martinez
“There are two things I am passionate about: recycling and revenge.” - Andy Bernard
“Sometimes I feel like everyone I work with is an idiot. And by sometimes I mean all times. All the times. Every of the times!” - Kevin Malone
“Maybe we weren't right together, but, it's weird. I'd rather she be alone than with somebody. Is that love?”- Ryan Howard
“Tough day. Yes. But I feel good. I put the office in their place, took a bunch of painkillers, drank a bottle of wine, took my pants off. I just feel good.” - Andy Bernard
“Sometimes I get so bored I just want to scream, and then sometimes I actually do scream. I just sort of feel out what the situation calls for.” - Kelly Kapoor
“Life is short. Drive fast and leave a sexy corpse. That's one of my mottos.” - Stanley Hudson
“I haven't proposed to anyone in years.” - Andy Bernard
“My ex is meeting my sex. Which is always scary, you know? And not just because you think they might talk about your penis. That's just part of it.” - Andy Bernard
“The Civil War history industry has conveniently forgotten about the battle of Schrute Farms. Whatever. I'm over it. It's just grossly irresponsible.” - Dwight Schrute
“My future isn't going to be determined by seven little white lotto balls. It's going to be determined by two big black balls.” - Darryl Philbin
“I got away with everything under the last boss and it wasn't good for me. So I want guidance. I want leadership. Lead me... when I'm in the mood to be led.” - Ryan Howard
“Oh, this is gonna feel so good getting this thing off my chest... that's what she said.” - Michael Scott
“Michael is leaving. And apparently they've already hired a new manager. And we're meeting him today. It's a lot to process. Paperwork-wise.” - Oscar Martinez
“My perfect Valentine's day? I'm at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the fifty restaurant reservations I made over six months ago.” - Dwight Schrute
“Ultimatums are key. Basically nobody does anything for me anymore unless I threaten to kill myself.” - Kelly Kapoor
“I have been trying to get on jury duty every year since I was 18 years old. To get and go sit in an air-conditioned room, downtown, judging people, while my lunch was paid for. That is the life.” - Stanley Hudson
“If you break that girl's heart, I will kill you. That's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family.” - Michael Scott
“Stanley just drank OJ out of my mug, and didn't seem to realize that it wasn't his hot coffee. So the question has to be asked, is there no limit to what he won't notice?” - Jim Halpert
“My parents used to scramble to find babysitters, so they could take my little brother to do stuff.” - Andy Bernard
“I talk a lot, so I learn to tune myself out.” - Kelly Kapoor
“Dwight you ignorant slut.” - Michael Scott
“It's not like booze ever killed anyone.” - Michael Scott
“Who is Justice Beaver?” - Dwight Schrute
“I feel God in this Chili's tonight.” - Pam Beesly
“They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that you're lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that's crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad." "- Michael Scott
“Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace.” - Michael Scott
“That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here.” - Michael Scott
“I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage, because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers.” - Michael Scott
“Any man who says he totally understands women is a fool. Because they are un-understandable.” - Michael Scott
“I'm sinking a few, you know. Swish, swish, swish. Nothing but net. And their jaws just dropped to the floor. African-Americans!” - Michael Scott
“Jim told me you could buy gay-dar online.” - Dwight Schrute
“I think Angela might be gay. Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair? Maybe! Is that what this is about?” - Michael Scott
“It's better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose.” - Dwight Schrute
“Yeah. Phyllis called me Michael. And I will always and forever be haunted by that fact.” - Jim Halpert
“Well, it's love at first sight. Actually, it was... No, it was when I heard her voice. It was love at first see with my ears.” - Michael Scott
“Look at those wrinkles. Blacks do crack. Not crack the drug.” - Michael Scott
“Michael Scott's Dunder-Mifflin Scranton Meredith Palmer Memorial Celebrity Rabies Awareness Fun Run Race For The Cure, this is Pam.” - Pam Beesly
“Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.” - Michael Scott
“I want today to be a beautiful memory that the staff and I share after I have passed on to New York. And if Toby is a part of it, then it'll suck.” - Michael Scott
“About 40 times a year, Michael gets sick but has no symptoms. Dwight is always gravely concerned.” - Michael Scott
“If you don't like it, Stanley, you can go to the back of the bus...Or the front of the bus or drive the bus.” - Michael Scott
“Yes. I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years. Which I'm looking forward to. It's an Amish technique. It's like slapping someone with silence.” - Dwight Schrute
“I don't want any special treatment, Pam. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who's undergone some sort of serious physical trauma. I don't think that's too much to ask.” - Michael Scott
“When I was a teenager, I was in an iron lung.” - Creed Bratton
“An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to... An office is a place where dreams come true.” - Michael Scott
“I want you to rub butter on my foot...Pam, please? I have Country Crock.” - Michael Scott
“No, Rose, they are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs...Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what quality of life do we have there?” - Michael Scott
“You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! Barack is President! You are black, Stanley!” - Michael Scott
“It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.” - Michael Scott
“Hate to see you leave but love to watch you go. 'Cause of your butt.” - Michael Scott
“Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?” - Michael Scott
“Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three.” - Michael Scott
“Tell him to call me ASAP as possible.” - Michael Scott
“There is no such thing as an appropriate joke, that's why it's a joke.” - B.J. Novak
“Well, happy birthday Jesus. Sorry that your party's so lame.” - Michael Scott
“Jim and I are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work.” - Michael Scott
“It's simply beyond words. It's incalculable.” - Michael Scott
“I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.” - Michael Scott
“Oh God, my mind is going a mile an hour.” - Michael Scott
“Saw Inception. Or at least I dreamt I did.” - Michael Scott
“I say dance, they say 'How high?'” - Michael Scott
“I'm not superstitious but I am a little stitious.” - Michael Scott
“I don't hate it. I just don't like it at all and it's terrible.” - Michael Scott
“I have got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this.” - Michael Scott
“Well, well, well, how the turntables.” - Michael Scott
“I haven't had so much fun since seeing Zooey Deschannel at the Coacharilla music festival.” - Erin Hannon
“I am Beyonce, always.” - Michael Scott
“We're all homos. Homo... Sapiens.” - Michael Scott
“I guess the attitude that I've tried to create here is that I'm a friend first and a boss second and probably an entertainer third.” - Michael Scott
“Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information.” - Michael Scott
“How to take off a woman's bra: You just twist your hand until something breaks.” - Michael Scott
“Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.” - Michael Scott
“Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that's baloney because grief isn't wrong. There's such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.” - Jennifer Celotta
“Webster's Dictionary defines wedding as: The fusing of two metals with a hot torch.” - Michael Scott
“Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.” - Michael Scott
“Yes it is true! I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. I need a username and I have a great one. Little Kid Lover. That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at.” - Michael Scott
“You may look around and see two groups here: white collar, blue collar. But I don't see it that way, and you know why not? Because I am collar-blind.” - Michael Scott
“I don't understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn't even work here.” - Michael Scott
“Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order.” - Michael Scott
“It is St. Patrick's Day….It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas.” - Michael Scott
“It's a pimple, Phyllis. Avril Lavigne gets them all the time and she rocks harder than anyone alive.” - Michael Scott
“Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that's always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you just have to be the boss of dancing.” - Michael Scott
“Don't ever, for any reason, do anything for anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter where. Or who, or who you are with, or where you are going or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever.” - Michael Scott
“Is there something besides 'Mexican' you prefer to be called? Something less offensive?” - Michael Scott
“I took her to the hospital. And the doctors tried to save her life, they did the best they could. And she is going to be okay.” - Michael Scott
“I would not miss it for the world. But if something else came up I would definitely not go. ” - Michael Scott
“This is our receptionist, Pam. If you think she's cute now you should have seen her a couple years ago.” - Michael Scott
“Presents are the best way to show someone how much you care. It's like this tangible thing that you can point to and say, ‘Hey, man, I love you this many dollars worth.’” - Michael Scott
“Jan is cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.” - Michael Scott
“I don't come up with this stuff, I just forward it along. You wouldn't arrest the guy who was just passing drugs from one guy to another.” - Michael Scott
“If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.” - Michael Scott
“No, I'm not going to tell them about the downsizing. If a patient has cancer, you don't tell them.” - Michael Scott
“Toby is in HR which technically means he works for corporate. So he's not really a part of our family. Also he's divorced... so he's not really a part of his family.” - Michael Scott
“I hate so much about the things you choose to be.” - Michael Scott
“Friends joke with one another. 'Hey, you're poor.' 'Hey, your momma's dead.' That's what friends do.” - Michael Scott
“I have six roommates, which are better than friends because they have to give you one month's notice before they leave.” - Toby Flenderson
“I never thought I'd say this, but I think I ate too much bone marrow.” - Dwight Schrute
